---
title: Crittografia della posta di Exchange Online con AD RMS
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.author: krowley
author: kccross
manager: laurawi
ms.date: 12/13/2017
audience: End User
ms.topic: article
ms.service: O365-seccomp
localization_priority: Normal
search.appverid:
- MET150
ms.assetid: 2c956776-0016-4be6-b4cd-133a237f4a9e
ms.custom:
- seo-marvel-apr2020
description: Informazioni su come configurare IRM di Exchange Online per l'utilizzo di Active Directory Rights Management Service (AD RMS) locale per soddisfare i requisiti dell'organizzazione.
ms.openlocfilehash: be53b54328c2c1e08e51a84b7251e23c3e7468c3
ms.sourcegitcommit: 973f5449784cb70ce5545bc3cf57bf1ce5209218
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: it-IT
ms.lasthandoff: 06/19/2020
ms.locfileid: "44815443"
---
# <a name="exchange-online-mail-encryption-with-ad-rms"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f70c-103">Crittografia della posta di Exchange Online con AD RMS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-103">Exchange Online mail encryption with AD RMS</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f70c-104">Per aiutare ad impedire la fuga di informazioni, in Exchange Online è inclusa la funzionalità Information Rights Management (IRM) che fornisce una protezione online e offline dei messaggi di posta elettronica e degli allegati.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-104">To help prevent information leakage, Exchange Online includes Information Rights Management (IRM) functionality that provides online and offline protection of email messages and attachments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-105">È possibile configurare IRM di Exchange Online per l'utilizzo di Active Directory Rights Management Service (AD RMS), se necessario, per soddisfare i requisiti dell'organizzazione.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-105">You can configure Exchange Online IRM to use on-premises Active Directory Rights Management Service (AD RMS), if needed, to satisfy your organization requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-106">Non si tratta di una cosa comune.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-106">This is not common.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-107">Se non si dispone di un requisito per l'utilizzo di AD RMS, utilizzare invece la [crittografia dei messaggi di Office 365](ome.md) .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-107">If you do not have a requirement to use AD RMS, use [Office 365 Message Encryption](ome.md) instead.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="5f70c-108">La protezione IRM può essere applicata dagli utenti di Microsoft Outlook o Outlook sul web, nonché dagli amministratori utilizzando le regole di protezione del trasporto o le regole di protezione di Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-108">IRM protection can be applied by users in Microsoft Outlook or Outlook on the web, and it can be applied by administrators using transport protection rules or Outlook protection rules.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-109">IRM consente agli utenti di controllare chi è autorizzato ad accedere, inoltrare, stampare o copiare dati riservati all'interno di un messaggio di posta elettronica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-109">IRM helps you and your users control who can access, forward, print, or copy sensitive data within an email.</span></span>
  
## <a name="changes-to-how-irm-works-with-office-365-message-encryption-ome-and-azure-active-directory"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f70c-110">Modifiche al funzionamento di IRM con Crittografia messaggi di Office 365 (OME) e Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-110">Changes to how IRM works with Office 365 Message Encryption (OME) and Azure Active Directory</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f70c-111">As of September 2017, when you set up the new Office 365 Message Encryption capabilities for your organization, you also set up IRM for use with Azure Rights Management (Azure RMS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-111">As of September 2017, when you set up the new Office 365 Message Encryption capabilities for your organization, you also set up IRM for use with Azure Rights Management (Azure RMS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-112">You no longer set up IRM with Azure RMS separately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-112">You no longer set up IRM with Azure RMS separately.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-113">Instead, OME and rights management work seamlessly together.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-113">Instead, OME and rights management work seamlessly together.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-114">For more details about the new capabilities, see [Office 365 Message Encryption FAQ](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/ome-faq).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-114">For more details about the new capabilities, see [Office 365 Message Encryption FAQ](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/ome-faq).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-115">If you're ready to get started using the new OME capabilities within your organization, see [Set up new Office 365 Message Encryption capabilities built on top of Azure Information Protection](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/set-up-new-message-encryption-capabilities).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-115">If you're ready to get started using the new OME capabilities within your organization, see [Set up new Office 365 Message Encryption capabilities built on top of Azure Information Protection](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/set-up-new-message-encryption-capabilities).</span></span>
  
## <a name="how-irm-works-with-exchange-online-and-active-directory-rights-management-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f70c-116">Funzionamento di IRM con Exchange Online e Active Directory Rights Management Services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-116">How IRM works with Exchange Online and Active Directory Rights Management Services</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f70c-117">Exchange Online IRM uses on-premises Active Directory Rights Management Services (AD RMS), an information protection technology in Windows Server 2008 and later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-117">Exchange Online IRM uses on-premises Active Directory Rights Management Services (AD RMS), an information protection technology in Windows Server 2008 and later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-118">IRM protection is applied to email by applying an AD RMS rights policy template to an email message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-118">IRM protection is applied to email by applying an AD RMS rights policy template to an email message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-119">Rights are attached to the message itself so that protection occurs online and offline and inside and outside of your organization's firewall.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-119">Rights are attached to the message itself so that protection occurs online and offline and inside and outside of your organization's firewall.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="5f70c-120">Users can apply a template to an email message to control the permissions that recipients have on a message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-120">Users can apply a template to an email message to control the permissions that recipients have on a message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-121">Actions, such as forwarding, extracting information from a message, saving a message or printing a message can be controlled by applying an AD RMS rights policy to the message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-121">Actions, such as forwarding, extracting information from a message, saving a message or printing a message can be controlled by applying an AD RMS rights policy to the message.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="5f70c-122">È possibile configurare IRM per l'utilizzo di un server AD RMS che esegue Windows Server 2008 o versioni successive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-122">You can configure IRM to use an AD RMS server running Windows Server 2008 or later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-123">Il server AD RMS può essere utilizzato per gestire i modelli dei criteri per i diritti AD RMS per l'organizzazione basata sul cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-123">You can use this AD RMS server to manage the AD RMS rights policy templates for your cloud-based organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-124">Outlook si basa anche sul server AD RMS per consentire agli utenti di applicare la protezione IRM ai messaggi da inviare.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-124">Outlook also relies on the AD RMS server to enable users to apply IRM protection to messages they send.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-125">Per ulteriori informazioni, vedere [configurare IRM per l'utilizzo di un server ad RMS locale](configure-irm-to-use-an-on-premises-ad-rms-server.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-125">For details, see [Configure IRM to use an on-premises AD RMS server](configure-irm-to-use-an-on-premises-ad-rms-server.md).</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="5f70c-126">Una volta abilitata, la protezione IRM può essere applicata ai messaggi come riportato di seguito:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-126">After it's enabled, IRM protection can be applied to messages as follows:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-127">**Users can manually apply a template using Outlook and Outlook on the web.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-127">**Users can manually apply a template using Outlook and Outlook on the web.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-128">Users can apply an AD RMS rights policy template to an email message by selecting the template from the **Set permissions** list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-128">Users can apply an AD RMS rights policy template to an email message by selecting the template from the **Set permissions** list.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-129">When users send an IRM-protected message, any attached files that use a supported format also receive the same IRM protection as the message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-129">When users send an IRM-protected message, any attached files that use a supported format also receive the same IRM protection as the message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-130">IRM protection is applied to files associated with Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, as well as .xps files and attached email messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-130">IRM protection is applied to files associated with Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, as well as .xps files and attached email messages.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-131">**Administrators can use transport protection rules to apply IRM protection automatically to both Outlook and Outlook on the web.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-131">**Administrators can use transport protection rules to apply IRM protection automatically to both Outlook and Outlook on the web.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-132">You can create transport protection rules to IRM-protect messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-132">You can create transport protection rules to IRM-protect messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-133">Configure the transport protection rule action to apply an AD RMS rights policy template to messages that meet the rule condition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-133">Configure the transport protection rule action to apply an AD RMS rights policy template to messages that meet the rule condition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-134">After you enable IRM, your organization's AD RMS rights policy templates are available to use with the transport protection rule action called **Apply rights protection to the message with**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-134">After you enable IRM, your organization's AD RMS rights policy templates are available to use with the transport protection rule action called **Apply rights protection to the message with**.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-135">**Administrators can create Outlook protection rules.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-135">**Administrators can create Outlook protection rules.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-136">Outlook protection rules automatically apply IRM-protection to messages in Outlook 2010 (not Outlook on the web) based on message conditions that include the sender's department, who the message is sent to, and whether recipients are inside or outside your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-136">Outlook protection rules automatically apply IRM-protection to messages in Outlook 2010 (not Outlook on the web) based on message conditions that include the sender's department, who the message is sent to, and whether recipients are inside or outside your organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f70c-137">For details, see [Create an Outlook Protection Rule](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/da64750d-faaf-44de-ad8c-888eba7fbdbf.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f70c-137">For details, see [Create an Outlook Protection Rule](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/da64750d-faaf-44de-ad8c-888eba7fbdbf.aspx).</span></span>
    

